# Cob:web Development-Aclevo brand merger agreement - 26/06/21

<hr />

This following agreement will lay upon the foundations of merging the brands of Cob:web Development and Aclevo in a fair manner. As part of the Cob:web-Aclevo agreement, Cob:web Development and Aclevo agree to merge brands upon the following conditions:

# Both parties will receive, under condition that the brands will not separate:

- An updated group name “Cob:web-Aclevo”.
- Updated branding to reflect the merger, either a new logo will be created combining both the Cob:web and Aclevo logo, or both logos will present besides each-other in branding and websites.
- Equal ownership of (previously) Aclevo assets under the Cob:web-Aclevo name. 
- Equal ownership of (previously) Cob:web assets under the Cob:web-Aclevo name.
- The establishment of an elected Board of Directors, with three permanent members (whyAdamSalt, Reasonably Selenium, TheCodingGuy)
- Projects will be equally owned by Cob:web and Aclevo unless unmerged, then both will get their respective projects pre-merger back

# Cob:web Development will receive:

- Ownership of all of the projects currently under Aclevo’s GitHub.
- Permission to make the Cob:web-Aclevo Discord.
- The right to remove all of Aclevo’s departments and keep everything under one label: Cobweb-Aclevo.
- Permission to keep all projects created under Cob:web Development, and the newly formed Cob:web-Aclevo group, Free and Open Source.
- Ownership of the new domain https://cobweb-aclevo.org
- Equal access to the @AclevoReal twitter and having it transformed into the @Cobweb-Aclevo twitter.

# Aclevo will receive: 

- The use of all logos to use under Cob:web-Aclevo
- Permission to have only Reasonably Selenium and whyAdamSalt as Owners of Cob:web-Aclevo, with the creation of an elected board.
- Permission to help restructure Cob:web Development, along with whyAdamSalt.
- Permission to establish a democratic system that works for all owners involved.

# In the result of a separation: 

- The Cob:web-Aclevo Discord will remain an entity meanwhile we move members to our newly created separated Discord(s).
- A withdrawal agreement will be established. 
- The Cob:web-Aclevo website will link to both our separate websites.
- All original Cob:web Development projects, including blog posts, will go back to their respective owners.
- All original Aclevo projects, including blog posts, will go back to their respective owners.
- Both will get their respective projects pre-merger back.
-  The CobwebAclevo Twitter will go back to the original owners after a period of time in where we can migrate followers to the Cob:web Twitter. 
- Any projects created as part of the Cob:web-Aclevo group will be split in the withdrawal agreement.

Upon the signing of this agreement, both whyAdamSalt#9054 and Reasonably Selenium#3815 agree to merge Cob:web Development and Aclevo into “The Cob:web-Aclevo Group”, “Cob:web-Aclevo Group” and “Cob:web-Aclevo” as the official brand names. The two brands will officially merge upon the signing of this agreement.

# Signed by:

- whyAdamSalt#9054, Cob:web Lead
- Reasonably Selenium#3815, Owner of Aclevo

<hr />